Steps to install:

1.  Install FFTW.  This is not actually required but since FFTW is so
damn fast you will suffer a 50% or more performance hit if you don't.
This is pretty much true even if you have access to a vendor specific
optimized library (in this case the performance will more than likely
be similar).

2.  Install PGPLOT.

3.  Install TEMPO.  Make sure to set the TEMPO environment variable.

4.  Set a PRESTO environment variable to this directory (the top level
directory in the Preto distribution).

5.  cd to $PRESTO/src.  Check and modify the Makefile for your machine
of choice.  Insure that the library and include file directories are
correct for FFTW, PGPLOT, and TEMPO.

6.  Get some memory and cache information ready for your machine.

7.  Do a 'make prep' which will ask you for some memory info and then
turn the pulsar database into its binary form.

8.  If you are using FFTW, do a 'make makewisdom'.  This gets FFTW
acquainted with your system.  It is best if you are the only user on
the machine when you run this, as it is very computation intensive and
may take a while.

9.  Do a 'make'.  This will make all of the executables.

10.  The required libraries and miscellaneous files will be located in
presto/lib and copies of the executables will be located in
presto/bin.  You may copy or move the executables wherever you like,
but the library files should stay put.  (That's why you define the
PRESTO variable -- so the routines can find them).

11.  If you want to save some disk space, do a 'make clean' in the
'src' directory.  This will leave the libraries and binaries in their
respective directories but will get rid of all the extra stuff in the
'src' directory.

12.  Go find pulsars.


Platform specific information:

DEC ALPHA
--------- 
1.  In order to link the routines which use the
pgplot libraries, you may need to chance the Makefile so that instead
of linking with f77, you link with cc and the $(CFLAGS) variable.


Scott Ransom
